Southern Xinjiang 3 million square kilometers
Hundreds of millions of people
Beckham, this is all your fault
A bunch of useless old things
Obviously he has no strength
But blame others
Even if Long Xi breaks through again
I'm afraid so.
It is also difficult for you to suppress the dragon vein of the southern border riot
Speak less coldly
We can't, he can. You can
Yi Huan
If you can really do it, hurry up and do it
As a citizen of Great Xia
It is our duty to protect Great Xia
Those who sit in the Ministry of Merit and covet pleasure
Also worthy of letting me do it
But they are also ordinary people in Nanjing.
They also have wives and children
They work hard and want to have a warm home
Please, Ye Huan
They're not wrong.
Dad, I want you to be a hero too
less
Even the elders of Wuhan University failed
Dragon blood is also broken
Just him
Can a waste like Ye Huan suppress the dragon veins?
What a dream
Exactly.
Don't pee and see what virtue you have
I see you bursting like a fart when you touch the dragon vein
Then you
Then tell me
Who is eligible now?
Is it you or you?
Sir, please do it.
As long as you can Zhenjiang Dragon Vein
I am willing to pay any price for this
Online please sir
Please sir
Forget it, this dragon vein is rich in spiritual energy
Can you help me do it again?
The arrival of Jindan celestial phenomenon
Immortals are above this banquet
It is also possible to ask for the Ascension Road
This is what you call the suppression dragon vein
Willing to pay any price
Hope you don't regret it.
Let's see what the deity describes